This website is operated by TICWR. (“We”) are committed to protecting and preserving the privacy of our visitors when visiting our site or communicating electronically with us.
This policy sets out how we process any personal data we collect from you or that you provide to us through our website. We confirm that we will keep your information secure and that we will comply fully with all applicable EC Data Protection legislation and regulations. Please read the following carefully to understand what happens to personal data that you choose to provide to us, or that we collect from you when you visit this site. 
Types of information we may collect from you
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information about individuals who visit and use our website:
Information you supply to us. You may supply us with information about you by filling in forms on our website. This includes information you provide when you submit a contact/enquiry form Login Form. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, password.
Information our website automatically collects about you. With regard to each of your visits to our website we may automatically collect information including the following:
•	technical information, including a truncated and anonymised version of your Internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, operating system and platform;
•	information about your visit, including what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got to the site (including date and time); page response times, length of visit, what you click on, documents downloaded and download errors.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie Policy .
How we may use the information we collect
We use the information in the following ways:
Information you supply to us. We will use this information:
•	to provide you with information and/or services that you request from us;
Information we automatically collect about you. We will use this information:
•	to administer our site including troubleshooting and statistical purposes;
•	to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
•	security and debugging as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to ticwr22@gmail.com
